#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass PhDThesisLyX
\options a4paper,titlepage
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout abstract
The Copenhagen Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics (QM) asserts that the
 wavefunction is the most complete description, which entails that there
 is an inherent fuzziness in our description of nature.
 There exists a completion of QM, known as Bohmian Mechanics (BM), which
 replaces this fuzziness with precision, and re-introduces notions of physical
 trajectories.
 Various interesting questions arise, solely by existence of such a description;
 doesn't it contradict the uncertainty principle, for instance.
 Most of these questions were found to have been addressed satisfactorily
 in the literature.
 There was however, one question, whose answer has become the subject of
 the thesis; that of the paradoxical co-existence of contextuality and BM.
 In a theory that can predict the value of operators, the value an operator
 takes, must depend on the state of the system (including hidden variables).
 Contextuality arguments show that the value an operator takes, must also
 depend on the complete set of compatible operators, to be consistent with
 QM.
 BM being deterministic, is at complete odds with this notion.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
After various attempts we were able to show, that the notion of contextuality
 is infact not necessary.
 This was achieved by identifying another `classical property' and constructing
 a non-contextual toy-model, serving as a counter-example to the impossibility
 proof.
 The toy model has been generalized to a discrete but arbitrarily sized
 Hilbert space, consistent with all predictions of QM.
 Implications of violation of this `classical property' have been discussed,
 in particular, to the notion of non-locality.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
