#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass PhDThesisLyX
\options a4paper,titlepage
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Bohmian Mechanics, from Bohm's papers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The usual interpretation of quantum mechanics (QM) is self consistent.
 It assumes however that the most complete possible specification of an
 individual system is in terms of 
\begin_inset Formula $\psi$
\end_inset

 that yields only probabilistic results.
 To investigate if this assumption is accurate, it is reasonable to expect
 an experimental test to exist.
 However, as will be shown, no experiment can test this interpretation.
 The other alternative then, is to attempt constructing a theory, which
 has extra variables which in principle completely specify the system but
 in practice get averaged over.

\color blue
 If such a theory existed then it is obvious that the assumption false.
 
\color inherit
In his paper, Bohm describes such a theory.
 This theory yields the same results as QM in all physical situations studied
 and is shown to be broader conceptually.
 The mathematics used is shown to be more general.
 Bohm's idea was that while QM fails at high energies, his theory might
 work.
 In retrospection though, one realizes how both BM and QM suffer from the
 same problem which requires quantum field theory (QFT) to remedy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The usual interpretation assumes that the wavefunction is the most complete
 description.
 This description was criticized by Einstein for he believed that there
 must exist a better, precise theory that describes nature as opposed to
 QM that claims nature is fundamentally probabilistic.
 Einstein's views have themselves been criticised to be irrelevant because
 the usual QM interpretation is in excellent agreement with experiments.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
