#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass PhDThesisLyX
\options a4paper,titlepage
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout acknowledgements
I acknowledge the contribution of my project guide, Prof.
 Arvind, who provided me with an environment conducive to research, and
 motivation to facilitate completion of this project.
 He encouraged independent thinking and guided me through difficulties I
 encountered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout acknowledgements
Discussions with the Quantum Computation & Quantum Information (QCQI) group
 members, especially those with Rajendra Bhati and Kishor Bharti have been
 particularly efficacious.
 Inputs from Jaskaran Singh have also been helpful.
 The QCQI group seminars, specifically, those by Samridhi Gambhir and Dr.
 Arun Shehrawat, have helped narrowing the thesis problem.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout acknowledgements
Dr.
 Abhishek Choudhuri and Prof.
 Sudeshna Sinha, although formally not related to the project, have been
 kind enough to assist me at various instances with challenges I faced while
 numerically simulating the equations.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout acknowledgements
I am grateful to my parents and my colleagues/friends, who have been pivotal
 to helping me maintain mental balance, inspired me and provided emotional
 support, in ways they perhaps don't realize, specifically Manu Jayadharan,
 Prashansa Gupta, Kishor Bharti, Ritu Roy Chowdhury, Vivek Sagar, Yosman
 BapatDhar, Saumya Gupta, Shwetha Srinivasan, Evelyn Abraham and Srijit
 Mukherjee.
\end_layout

\begin_layout acknowledgements
I end with acknowledging Immanuel Kant, for his philosophical work on ethics,
 which has heavily affected my thoughts, actions and outlook to life.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
